



Grupo 7                                                       F. Delgado
Internet-Draft                     Instituto Tecnologico de Buenos Aires
Expires: May 6, 2019                                    November 2, 2018


                 Informe TPE Protocolos de comunicacion

Abstract

   This memo blah blah blah....

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on May 6, 2019.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2018 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

1.  Introduccion

   1.  The first item.

   2.  The second item, which contains two bulleted sub-items:



Delgado                    Expires May 6, 2019                  [Page 1]

Internet-Draft   Informe TPE Protocolos de comunicacion    November 2018


       *  The first sub-item.

       *  The second sub-item.

2.  References

   [lma]      Juan F. Codagnone, "Server Socks V5", 3 2018.

Author's Address

   Francisco Delgado
   Instituto Tecnologico de Buenos Aires







































Delgado                    Expires May 6, 2019                  [Page 2]
